c:\users\mohammed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TakeAway\TakeAway\bin\Debug\TakeAway.exe.config
c:\users\mohammed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TakeAway\TakeAway\bin\Debug\TakeAway.exe
c:\users\mohammed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TakeAway\TakeAway\bin\Debug\TakeAway.pdb
c:\users\mohammed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TakeAway\TakeAway\bin\Debug\DevExpress.BonusSkins.v15.1.dll
c:\users\mohammed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TakeAway\TakeAway\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v15.1.dll
c:\users\mohammed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TakeAway\TakeAway\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.1.Core.dll
c:\users\mohammed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TakeAway\TakeAway\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v15.1.dll
c:\users\mohammed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TakeAway\TakeAway\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.1.dll
c:\users\mohammed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TakeAway\TakeAway\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\mohammed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TakeAway\TakeAway\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\mohammed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TakeAway\TakeAway\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v15.1.Core.dll
c:\users\mohammed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TakeAway\TakeAway\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v15.1.xml
c:\users\mohammed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TakeAway\TakeAway\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v15.1.xml
c:\users\mohammed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TakeAway\TakeAway\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.1.Core.xml
c:\users\mohammed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TakeAway\TakeAway\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.1.xml
c:\users\mohammed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TakeAway\TakeAway\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\mohammed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TakeAway\TakeAway\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\mohammed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TakeAway\TakeAway\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v15.1.Core.xml
c:\users\mohammed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TakeAway\TakeAway\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Data.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\mohammed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TakeAway\TakeAway\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Data.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\mohammed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TakeAway\TakeAway\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Data.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\mohammed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TakeAway\TakeAway\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Data.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\mohammed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TakeAway\TakeAway\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Utils.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\mohammed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TakeAway\TakeAway\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Utils.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\mohammed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TakeAway\TakeAway\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Utils.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\mohammed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TakeAway\TakeAway\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Utils.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\mohammed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TakeAway\TakeAway\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\mohammed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TakeAway\TakeAway\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\mohammed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TakeAway\TakeAway\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\mohammed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TakeAway\TakeAway\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\mohammed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TakeAway\TakeAway\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\mohammed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TakeAway\TakeAway\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\mohammed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TakeAway\TakeAway\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\mohammed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TakeAway\TakeAway\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\mohammed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TakeAway\TakeAway\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Printing.v15.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\mohammed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TakeAway\TakeAway\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Printing.v15.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\mohammed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TakeAway\TakeAway\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Printing.v15.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\mohammed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TakeAway\TakeAway\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Printing.v15.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\mohammed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TakeAway\TakeAway\obj\Debug\TakeAway.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\mohammed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TakeAway\TakeAway\obj\Debug\TakeAway.Form1.resources
c:\users\mohammed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TakeAway\TakeAway\obj\Debug\TakeAway.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\mohammed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TakeAway\TakeAway\obj\Debug\TakeAway.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\mohammed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TakeAway\TakeAway\obj\Debug\TakeAway.exe
c:\users\mohammed\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TakeAway\TakeAway\obj\Debug\TakeAway.pdb
C:\Users\mohammed\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TakeAway\TakeAway\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v15.1.dll
C:\Users\mohammed\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TakeAway\TakeAway\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v15.1.dll
C:\Users\mohammed\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TakeAway\TakeAway\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v15.1.dll
C:\Users\mohammed\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TakeAway\TakeAway\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v15.1.Core.dll
C:\Users\mohammed\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TakeAway\TakeAway\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v15.1.dll
C:\Users\mohammed\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TakeAway\TakeAway\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v15.1.dll
C:\Users\mohammed\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TakeAway\TakeAway\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Office.v15.1.Core.dll
C:\Users\mohammed\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TakeAway\TakeAway\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v15.1.xml
C:\Users\mohammed\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TakeAway\TakeAway\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v15.1.xml
C:\Users\mohammed\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TakeAway\TakeAway\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v15.1.xml
C:\Users\mohammed\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TakeAway\TakeAway\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v15.1.Core.xml
C:\Users\mohammed\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TakeAway\TakeAway\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v15.1.xml
C:\Users\mohammed\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TakeAway\TakeAway\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v15.1.xml
C:\Users\mohammed\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TakeAway\TakeAway\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Office.v15.1.Core.xml
C:\Users\mohammed\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TakeAway\TakeAway\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v15.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\mohammed\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TakeAway\TakeAway\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v15.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\mohammed\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TakeAway\TakeAway\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v15.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\mohammed\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TakeAway\TakeAway\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v15.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\mohammed\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TakeAway\TakeAway\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v15.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\mohammed\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TakeAway\TakeAway\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v15.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\mohammed\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TakeAway\TakeAway\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v15.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\mohammed\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TakeAway\TakeAway\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v15.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\mohammed\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TakeAway\TakeAway\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v15.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\mohammed\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TakeAway\TakeAway\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v15.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\mohammed\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TakeAway\TakeAway\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v15.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\mohammed\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TakeAway\TakeAway\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v15.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\mohammed\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TakeAway\TakeAway\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.RichEdit.v15.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\mohammed\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TakeAway\TakeAway\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.RichEdit.v15.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\mohammed\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TakeAway\TakeAway\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.RichEdit.v15.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\mohammed\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TakeAway\TakeAway\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.RichEdit.v15.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\mohammed\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TakeAway\TakeAway\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraBars.v15.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\mohammed\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TakeAway\TakeAway\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraBars.v15.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\mohammed\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TakeAway\TakeAway\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraBars.v15.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\mohammed\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TakeAway\TakeAway\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraBars.v15.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\mohammed\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TakeAway\TakeAway\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v15.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\mohammed\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TakeAway\TakeAway\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v15.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\mohammed\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TakeAway\TakeAway\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v15.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\mohammed\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TakeAway\TakeAway\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v15.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\mohammed\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TakeAway\TakeAway\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Office.v15.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\mohammed\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TakeAway\TakeAway\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Office.v15.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\mohammed\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TakeAway\TakeAway\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Office.v15.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\mohammed\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TakeAway\TakeAway\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Office.v15.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\mohammed\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TakeAway\TakeAway\obj\Debug\TakeAway.exe.licenses
C:\Users\mohammed\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TakeAway\TakeAway\bin\Debug\MoreLinq.dll
C:\Users\mohammed\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TakeAway\TakeAway\bin\Debug\System.ValueTuple.dll
C:\Users\mohammed\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TakeAway\TakeAway\bin\Debug\MoreLinq.xml
C:\Users\mohammed\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TakeAway\TakeAway\bin\Debug\System.ValueTuple.xml
C:\Users\mohammed\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TakeAway\TakeAway\obj\Debug\TakeAway.Migrations.intial.resources
C:\Users\mohammed\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TakeAway\TakeAway\obj\Debug\TakeAway.XtraForm1.resources
C:\Users\mohammed\Source\Repos\TakeAway\TakeAway\bin\Debug\TakeAway.exe.config
C:\Users\mohammed\Source\Repos\TakeAway\TakeAway\obj\Debug\TakeAway.exe
C:\Users\mohammed\Source\Repos\TakeAway\TakeAway\obj\Debug\TakeAway.pdb
